---
layout: default
title: "Natron 2.3.15"
---

The Natron developers are proud to announce the release of Natron 2.3.15.

## Changes

* Inputs of the selected nodes are now always visible.
* Avoid crash and issues when NatronEngine.Effect.destroy() is called. #368
* macOS: fix version numbers in Finder information. #372
* Fix callbacks in PyPanel and PyModalDialog. #379
* Fix recursive Python calls and handle the Python GIL properly.
* Fix loading of Python Toolsets, and document how Toolsets are detected.
* Fix using Rotopaint with multiple layers. #420 #205
* Fix loading project settings. #439
* Fix property panels of PyPlug nodes. #449
* Fix missing python API entry points. #485
* Make "Use Host Interact" setting available from user parameters. #490
* Fix deadlock when creating a dialog from initGui.py. #487

## Plugins

* Fix bugs in DenoiseSharpen that caused crashes. #300
* Add support for chromatic aberration correction when reading RAW files. #309
* Update CImg and G'MIC to 2.8.4 and fix several issues in GMIC plugins (which are still beta).
* Many new GMIC plugins, including GMIC Custom Code.
* FrameRange: New options "Loop" and "Bounce". #411
* Update OpenImageIO to 2.1.11.0. #350
* Fix reading multi-view EXRs. #429
* Support for reading and writing HEIF/HEIC images. HEIC is the still-image sibling of HEVC (a.k.a. H.265), and compresses to about half the size of JPEG but with higher visual quality.
* Text: Added SRT subtitle format support.
* AudioCurve (audio curve generator): new plugin.
* Fix plugin bugs (IO and CImg) with images that take more than 2GiB of memory (e.g. 12000x12000 RGBA float). #456
* Fix "Fill" PyPlug: was not filling everything if the Source was larger than the project. #475
* Shadertoy: use the preset name as a sublabel.
* LensDistortion/IDistort/STMap: add "Use src RoD" option to override format.
* Blur: fix handling of render scale when computing derivatives. #496
* Text: fix animating font family and retiming the text output. #482 #476
