---
layout: default
title: "Natron 2.4.0"
---

The Natron developers are proud to announce the release of Natron 2.4.0.

## Known issues

* Rendering sometimes silently stalls after X frames #248
* Some image formats may have issues (PCX, PSB, CR2) #602

## Changes

* Updated documentation. #572 #566 #551 #539 #538 #537 #520 #514
* Handle console output on Windows. #524
* Detect user installed fonts on Windows 10. #523
* New Windows installer. #596
* Improvements to SequenceFileDialog. #565
* Snap timeline alpha cursor to nearest frame. #574
* Handle UTF-8 values in KnobTable (fixes use of project path containing Unicode). #578
* Tabs UI adjustments. #564
* Do not allow Python keywords as node name or scriptname. #588
* Always serialize nodes with an expression or a link, even if they have the default value. #585
* Support cloned group nodes or hard links between groups. #568 #579 #594 #598
* Default keyframe interpolation method for strokes and shapes is now "Smooth" (was "Linear"). #597
* Fix animation of Roto Beziers with non-broken tangents. #202
* Remember properties panels state when reopening project. #168

## Plugins

* ReadFFmpeg, WriteFFmpeg: upgrade to work more nicely with the FFmpeg 4 API. #148 #231 #241
* ReadFFmpeg: add support for reading AV1 & Canopus HQ/HQX/Lossless.
* WriteFFmpeg: add support for writing AV1 & Cineform HD.
* Fix another bug in DenoiseSharpen that caused crash when stoping/aborting. #300
* Fix Lin2Log to be consistent with Log2Lin. #570
* Merge: never consider RGB as being transparent by default - this is OK for unpremultiplied compositing (After Effects) but is invalid in a premultiplied compositor such as Natron or * Nuke. Users still have the option to ignore the alpha channel. #571
* WriteOIIO: Do not add "Color." to the channel names of the color plane (affects mainly OpenEXR). #583
* Writers: when writing RGBA to format that does not support alpha, just drop alpha - don't premultiply. #582
* RGBtoHSL: Fix bug with white and superwhite values. #512
* Reformat: Default to project size. #533
